LEVEL_BLEST_Trading_Plan.txt

This trading plan for Will Botti trading uses the LEVEL BLEST Advantage (TM) system
in conjunction with AlgoZ Pivotal Signals (TM)

Here are the parameters and guidelines

Account style					Income-producing
Account size					20K
Position size					2k (10%)  
Goal							Make $1000 / mo (5%)   (prob too high / unrealistic since 60% per year)
Market Trend					Bull Market. Need different strat for bear markets

Strategies						Pick A+ stocks for long positions. Use scans to ID ops
								Wheel into stocks I wanna own (sell put contract, get assigned, write call, roll call)
								Naked long calls or puts on trending stocks
								Playing earnings events
								Buying stock outright 
								Using vertical spreads

Rules
-----

For long options, decide up front if we are doing stop-loss 50% no matter what, or  100% if goal is to hold til expiration, esp w/ smaller positions like an OOM call

For long stocks, only trade the best. The most volume, industry leaders like NVIDIA, MSFT, META, etc

Only trade tickers with high options volume and liquidity. This lets us manuever and hedge more easily

Don't trade the open, unless we are closing a position. Wait for the market to speak.

When holding long options, BE PATIENT esp w/ high beta stocks. Ie, don't buy a 20d option, then ditch it 2day later cause price moved against you a bit

Use signalling software to find higher-probability setups.

Enter stop-loss after every trade entry. (where possible - not sure how to stop-loss a put credit spread, for example)

Avoid outcome #4.  Big Winner, small winner, small loser, BIG LOSER are the outcomes. Avoid #4 !! I really need to improve here.

Exit the market after a winning trade, and place no more trades. Leave the Casino!

Wire any proceeds over 20K (where appropriate) out of the account.  Note this defeats the compounding interest on returns.

Do the research in the PM and AM, identify tickers, and get the levels, etc.  Go in prepared, not 'looking to trade something'

Use charting and indicators like Trading View to find pivots / fibs, etc.

For swing trades, use monthly and daily intervals. For day trades / short term, use 15 minute (Robin uses 10m is this throwing me off?) 

